---
title: "[03e03] TODO"
datestamp: 50-03-14/03
when: 50 Solis 14
session-number: 6
session-date: 2015-11-14
session-event: https://www.facebook.com/events/1646209978992769/
---

1. On the way to the castle to question Rubinia Elka, Vondal seemed pensive and distracted. He made a flimsy excuse that he needed to buy some fruit from a nearby stand, told everyone to proceed without him, and said that he would catch up later.
2. The party talked to Rubinia Elka. Elka shared that Zanic Corbinic was expelled on suspicion of organizing a terrorist network. She warned them that he is extremely unstable and dangerous, stopping at nothing to achieve his radical goals.
3. They told Elka known details of the crime. She shared her copy of Thaumaturgical Herbology, and together discovered that the harpy’s tears could have been used to mix a poison known as midnight tears, “the only poison strong enough to kill a dwarf.”
4. After some consideration, Elka told them that ancient legends tell of necromancers who could animate parts of a body, including a hand. Callisto recognizes this legend as that of the crawling claw, a rare form of undead. Other small forms of undead such as flaming skulls would still be too large to fit under the door.
5. The party returned to Aldrimor Keep. They talked to Bruck, who told Sima alone that Stave was off on a midnight liaison with his “friend,” and Bruck may or may not have fallen asleep on guard duty. He also said that Hollerd is the one who brought Gurin his evening meal in his room, and that they argued loudly.
6. Vondal reappeared at the manor with a manilla envelope with a top secret SPI file which he claimed was somehow “not destroyed in the fire”—and for which he claimed he shouldn’t have clearance. Inside was a document about an organization called Esprit Repose: a secret cabal of necromancers known to engage in sacrifice of living creatures, but whose threat rating is unknown. Five people have “potential affiliation” based on “unreliable testimony,” including Bronce Aldrimor, Zanic Corbinic and Rubinia Elka. The cabal is rumored to possess “Vecna’s Lore,” which the party believes might be an amulet (the amulet?) that connects its bearer to Vecna, imbuing secret forbidden knowledge.
7. The party (sans Vondal) went to the Brandywhistle in the Flintlock district. It’s a small tavern, less than a dozen tables, plus a small bar. The locals there are the rougher sort, with weapons and hide armor. Sima tells the barkeep that they, the SPI, are seeking information leading to the apprehension of necromancers who have recently committed horrid and illicit acts under the Mountain. And the SPI has reason to believe the Zanic Corbinic may possess useful information to help quell this foul tide. The barkeep was upset to learn that Larsa Wrathborn is the one who tipped off the authorities about the Brandywhistle. But she trusts Sima when she hears that the SPI has no interest in dwarven politics. She says she will “see what she can do” about arranging a meeting with Zanic, if the party will wait outside. The party goes around back to tell Callisto the good news—and suddenly the back door bursts open and a hooded figure tears down the tunnel…!
